# Meeting Notes Aug. 15, 2024

## Agenda

- what are some things that stood out as important, weird, or otherwise notable from Ch. 2-4?

- review any confusing points or questions from Ch 2- 4

- review yaml and other cool code formatting tidbits from people's code

    - commit message shorthands? 

- discuss potential output products (revisit ones from first meeting, talk about any new ideas)

    - Rachel can show demo of the `glossary` extension
    
    

## Notes

### Products

- create a glossary of key terms from each chapter? potentially use this [extension](https://github.com/andrewpbray/glossary) 

    - we can create distinct classes for different types of notes (e.g. definitions, 
    key concepts, key functions) and then create different "glossaries" for each
    type of note we want to track 
    
    - we can modify the `contributions.md` file with guidelines for how to add to
    the glossary
    
    